Go Won: Hello!
Go Won: I'm HeeJin!
(Go Won is copying Choerry)
Go Won: Hello, I'm Choerry!
Go Won: Hello, I'm HeeJin~
HeeJin: The way I talk is like that?
Go Won: The way I talk is like that?
HeeJin: Chuu!
Choerry: Hello, I'm Chuu~
HeeJin: Oh, really?
Go Won: Oh~ Thank you~
HeeJin: Look, Chuu is about to film her part~
Choerry: Everyone, I'll be back after shooting~
Go Won: I'll be back after shooting~
(Chuu who is loved a lot by younger members is shooting her part!)
Choerry: Chuu is shooting!
Choerry: Curled bang hair!
Choerry: That's Chuu's signature hair!
HeeJin: Fighting, Chuu!
(Imitating HeeJin is not over yet!)
Choerry & Go Won: Fighting, Chuu!
Choerry: Imitating Go Won!
Go Won: Chuu, fighting~
(HeeJin and Choerry are imitating Go Won)